Documentation content additions and revisions for M2 (#551)
datajoint/datajoint-python: docs-parts/existing/1-Virtual-Modules_lang1.rst

The function ``create_virtual_module`` of the ``dj.schema`` class provides access to virtual modules.
It creates a python module with the given name from the name of a schema on the server, automatically adds classes to it corresponding to the tables in the schema.

The function can take several parameters:

  ``module_name``: displayed module name.

  ``schema_name``: name of the database in MySQL.

>   ``create_schema``: if ``True``, create the schema on the database server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``create_schema``: if ``True``, create the schema on the database server if it does not already exist; if ``False`` (default), raise an error when the schema is not found.
```

>   ``create_tables``: if ``True``, ``module.schema`` can be used as the decorator for declaring new classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``create_tables``: if ``True``, ``module.schema`` can be used as the decorator for declaring new classes; if ``False``, such uses will raise an error -- the module is intend only to work with existing tables.
```

> The function returns the Python module containing classes from the schema object as well as the table classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function returns the Python module containing classes from the schema object with all the table classes already declared inside it.
```
